OSDOCS#17254: CQA updates for the CLI tutorial (#103706)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/getting-started-cli-view.adoc

[id="getting-started-cli-view_{context}"]
= Viewing the application in a web browser

[role="_abstract"]

> After you have deployed the necessary applications and loaded data into the database, you are now ready view the national parks application through a browser. You can get the URL for the application by retrieving the route information for the front-end application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have deployed the necessary applications and loaded data into the database, you are now ready view your application through a browser. You can get the URL for the application by retrieving the route information for the front-end application.
```
